register
Check if username,email,phone are unique.
Add details to users, create a bank account

db relations: users, accounts

login
Check if user details exist in db
Give auth token
db relations: users

LOANS
create listing
    lender
    check if bank balance is sufficient to make the listing
    deduct balance from lender bank and add to held_funds
    add details to loan listing with status pending

    borrower
    check if collateral value is sufficient to make the listing
    deduct collateral_value from borrower portfolio add 
    to held_collateral
    add details to loan listing with status pending

db relations: loanListings, accounts, held_funds
              loanListings, portfolios, held_collateral

lend
check if borrower details exist in listing with status pending
check if account balance is sufficient
deduct balance from lender account and add it to borrower account.
update borrower listing status to fulfilled
insert loan details to loans table with status unpaid
insert detaild to monitor

db relations: loanListings, accounts, loans,monitor

borrow
check if lender details exist in listing with status pending
check if collateral value is sufficient
deduct collateral value from borrower portfolio and add it to held_collateral.
deduct funds from held funds and add it to borrowers balance.
change lender listing status from pending to fulfilled.
insert details to loans db with status unpaid.
insert detaild to monitor

db relations: loanListings, portfolios,held_funds, loans,monitor

pay loan
check if loan is expired..
check if borrower balance is sufficient to pay
deduct payment from borrower account..
add it to lender account..
change loan status to paid..
release collateral from held_collateral to borrower portfolio...

loans, accounts,held_colateral

monitor loans
at start of day check loans table where payment date === date.now and status ===pending
change loan status to expired.
deduct collateral value from held_collateral and add it to lender portfolio.

loans, held_collateral, 

remove listing
check if listing status is pending
remove borrower/lender details from listing
if lender, return held balance to lender account
if borrower, return collateral from held collateral to borrower portfolio.





